(The products and organizations have been created for the drama.)
(The story and its characters are fictional.)
(Episode 1)
When migratory birds come to the habitat,
they sleep in the afternoon...
and fly around after the sun sets.
When you observe them up close,
you must whisper and walk quietly.
Just like this.
Take stealthy steps.
Do you understand?
Yes.
All right. Shall we whisper...
our goodbyes to the birds?
- Yes. - Yes.
Everyone, please follow me this way.
- Okay. - Okay.
Hello. Who did you come with?
- With my mom and dad. - I see.
- What's your name? - I'm Kwon Seung Joon.
- I have a question. - Yes?
Are we not allowed to talk aloud?
Birds are singing loudly now.
When birds hear people's footsteps,
they sense danger and flap their wings instinctively.
They're exhausted after flying all the way here from Siberia.
How would they feel if they can't rest because of us?
It'd be really horrible.
Exactly.
That's why we must keep quiet and observe them,
so that they can fly when they want to.
Birds don't easily get exhausted...
as they fly in a flock,
Miss Na Mo Hyun.
- Hey, look at this. - Yes?
Why is it so blurry?
If you take photos against the sun,
you can capture the dynamic movements of the birds.
- It looks really nice. - Doesn't it?
- Try it yourself. - Thank you.
Mo Hyun, all the photos I took today are out of focus.
I envy the guy who took photos with a huge telephoto lens.
The man with a navy hat?
I also wished to take a look at his pictures.
Kang Pil Joo
(Recycle Bin)
Pil Joo.
- Pil Joo. - Yes?
Come on.
Hey,
are you already preparing for the trial?
- Thank you. - You'd better say that...
when you're sober.
You know people say what's on their mind when they're drunk.
Where are you going?
To turn my self in.
He didn't have to say that.
Do you need slippers to put on?
Over there.
It's been a really long time.
You're not in charge of this. Why are you here?
I had no chance...
to thank you about my brother...
who got a job at Cheong A Motors.
Hey, others might think I helped him get a job.
All right. What's your plan? What do you want me to do?
Imprisonment.
The invincible Attorney Kang Pil Joo wants to be imprisoned?
The report must be plausible.
Which judge will be in charge of my warrant?
- There he is! - He turned up!
- Hurry up. - This way!
Have you expected imprisonment?
Is everything that's covered by the media true?
Who made you turn yourself in?
It raised suspicion that you took the guilt...
of Director Jang Boo Cheon of Cheong A Trading.
What do you think about it?
- Please make a comment. - Please step aside.
- Please clear the way. - Wait! Answer us.
The prosecution planned to summon Director Jang Boo Cheon,
the grandson of Honorary Chairman Jang Kook Hwan of Cheong A Group,
on charges of breach of duty...
as he made undue profit regarding the issuance of preemptive right.
Attorney Kang Pil Joo from Strategy Team of Cheong A...
voluntarily came to the prosecution, claiming he's responsible for it.
- It breaks my heart. - He's now officially arrested.
- You must feel the same, Mom. - Reporting from Seoul...
I had him stay by your side for this sort of things.
Are you eating well?
You just smiled.
See how important I am to you?
I'm the man who is capable of making...
this coldhearted guy smile.
You want to know why I'm here, right?
I'm here to do what I have to do.
You told me to thank you when I'm sober.
- Thank you, Pil Joo. - My pleasure.
Let me see.
This is for me.
And this is your favorite liquor.
If it weren't for you,
I would've completely lost my grandfather's favor.
That arrogant and stubborn Jang Yuh Cheon...
didn't notice it at all.
And you're stigmatized...
as an extremely greedy jerk,
- which is far from you. - That's who I am.
I'm awfully greedy.
I'm full of avarice...
from head to toe.
You didn't know that, did you?
You're being sarcastic again.
The public will despise you,
saying you're a dog of Cheong A,
but don't you mind it.
Goodness.
It'll cost a lot for sure.
What kind of jerk is he?
All I want is your parents' phone number.
When they get here,
I will hand you over to them,
and I'll get money from them.
Pil Joo can even earn money to buy his father's medicines.
Stop crying, you brat.
Goodness. He's so obstinate.
Keep a watch on him.
Hey, listen.
You know Cheong A Motors, right?
- I do. - My grandfather owns the company.
If you help me escape from here,
I'll pay you handsomely later.
Then call your parents and tell them to bring money here.
He'll let you go right away then.
The one I hate the most...
in the world is my cousin named Jang Yuh Cheon.
If he finds out that I'm in trouble,
he'll tease me until I die.
You're saying...
you don't want to be humiliated in front of him, right?
What do you think you're doing?
- Go! - Get off!
- I said run! Run! - Get off of me!
How dare you try to run away?
Hey!
Get up!
Wake up!
Please open your eyes!
Hey!
Please take a seat.
Who stabbed you?
Both of them claim they didn't stab you.
It was him.
Kang Pil Joo stabbed me.
Have you lost your mind?
I didn't stab you!
It was that jerk who stabbed you!
Hey! Hey!
(Make concessions and be considerate to reform.)
Well done.
Good work.
It's chilly.
Why did you bring her here?
Bring it.
I'm glad it's still warm.
Hold on.
This is golden tofu.
Make sure you eat the whole piece.
I already called Cheong Ah Hotel when we left.
You must spend the first night out of prison outside.
Shake off all the bad energies,
and come home refreshed.
Gosh.
This is so cool.
What are you doing?
I'm going to go see the migratory birds with my science class.
I was just researching.
My goodness, you're so hardworking.
By the way,
have you thought about the date with my brother-in-law...
I told you about the other day?
I'm not too keen on blind dates.
Blind dates are awkward.
Then I should tell my brother-in-law to loiter...
around the school when he's free.
To satisfy your fantasy of a fated encounter,
that's the only way.
Actually, I'm kind of intrigued by your suggestion.
Mom.
You're going to make me buy steak when I'm only a part-time teacher?
Yes.
I'm going to make sure my daughter buys me...
an expensive steak from a fancy hotel.
My goodness.
Fine.
I'll treat you to a steak today.
Mom, since we're here, you should just order what you want.
Okay?
We can't go back home.
Order something decent...
No. Just order the cheapest one.
I'll feel bad if it's too expensive.
My gosh, you're saying that now?
Stop it. Let's just order.
Hello.
You're here.
When your dad went to Sweden to study welfare policies,
he had a Korean professor.
Oh, right. I heard he came back after he retired.
He's the nephew of the professor.
Bye then.
Don't you embarrass me.
Mom.
Mom!
May I sit?
Of course. Please sit for the time being.
I think I dodged the worst scenario.
- Sorry? - I was told you might not...
let me sit down or you might leave the restaurant.
I heard you hate blind dates and setups.
Well, it's my fault.
I should have put up a sign...
that I hate blind dates and setups.
Why do you hate them so much?
When I go on blind dates,
it's the same as starting a relationship...
based on the reputation of my father, mother, and me.
I heard there was this rich guy...
who wanted to marry me because of my father's reputation.
A politician's family and family with money.
A marriage where the parents are more important than the couple...
isn't what I want.
I came here for a steak.
Why don't you join me? It's on me.
Please get in. Let me give you a ride.
Yes, Mom.
You didn't embarrass me, did you?
No way. I paid for the steaks.
The professor called his nephew.
It seems like his nephew painted you in a good light.
Of course.
Mom, I'm pretty cool.
I heard you guys hit it off. What did you guys talk about?
Our first love.
We both had our first love in middle school.
But Mom, shouldn't you be busy?
We're on break now.
Hey, here's the thing.
Just go out with him a few times. No pressure.
- I'm hanging up now. - Mo Hyun!
Hey.
Did you get beat up in lock-up?
You looked like you were...
venting after you got beat up.
His name was...
Jo In Ho.
I don't remember a lot about the girl I liked in middle school.
You must have really liked him.
I would have used a different word than "liked".
It feels like I should meet him at least once.
Like fate.
(Literature)
(Jo In Ho)
Congressman Na Gi Chul.
You think he could win the candidacy for the presidential election?
Pil Joo, look.
What do you think?
The daughter of Congressman Na and Jang Boo Cheon.
Do they look good together?
We should make sure they do.
All right. We must make them marry each other.
It would be better if they looked good together.
What happened to the DNA result of Kim Yoo Chul?
Oh, right. I have it.
Here you go.
Chairman Jang Kook Hwan and Kim Yoo Chul...
are not biologically related.
Kim Yoo Chul...
has been going around every hospital. He's still in the dark...
that Chairman Jang's DNA result has been modified.
The result will be the same whichever hospital he goes.
(Estimated assessed individual land price after installing IC)
(Present condition of Cheong A Group land possession)
Once the interchange construction completes,
10km ramp will be reduced to 2km.
Our land price will jump about 40 times, Father.
The isolated land...
will finally connect.
You've done a great job.
Not at all, Father.
Yuh Cheon's father-in-law, Chairman Lee of Hanmin Daily helped us a lot.
He led the media to focus on it and manipulate the public...
that the interchange that all previous governments were against...
is finally approved.
My grandson made a great choice in his marriage...
for the future of Cheong A.
Thanks to you,
he picked a great wife for him.
Show up, Jang Kook Hwan!
Father, I'm here!
Calm down, and get down here.
We can talk about it after you come down.
Don't come close or I'll jump.
I'm going to jump. Don't come!
Gosh. Come here, Jang Kook Hwan!
Where is Jang Kook Hwan?
- No pictures. - Father!
I'm here!
- Calm down. - Please don't.
You need to come down. Let's talk here.
Everyone, leave.
I'll see you later.
You know where I'm talking about, right?
Is he Kang Pil Joo?
Cheong A Group owner's favorite lawyer?
Favorite, my foot.
He's just the owner's dog who does everything the owner orders.
A hunting dog.
Kim Yoo Chul.
Why didn't you pick up your phone?
I said I'll jump off the roof...
on the day Jang Kook Hwan comes to work.
- Did you think I was joking? - No.
That's why I want to help you.
Hey, you. Don't.
What are you doing? Don't come. Don't come!
You got a lot of money...
to live as Kim Yoo Chul instead of Jang Yoo Chul.
You can't say it wasn't fair.
Honorary Chairman Jang...
will be very upset to hear this.
He's still my father.
How could he...
- cover this up with money... - We tested DNA.
It said you're not his son.
You manipulated the result!
I want to get tested again.
Gosh. Kim Yoo Chul.
It's no use.
No matter how many times you get tested,
you'll get the same result.
You know it.
Kim Yoo Chul.
Is there anything else you need?
Do you want to do it one more time?
You're always so fast.
Is it ready already?
This is the scene of Jang Yoo Chul trying to jump off.
We can talk about the memory card...
after you pay me.
Let me go.
How dare you beat a reporter?
Hey.
Do you want me to send those photos to your daughter and wife...
in the Philippines?
Bring me the memory card.
Take this.
- Do you want to know why I hit you? - Yes.
We could've just talked.
Everyone in your company including the editor-in-chief...
got paid by us for decades.
You know it's not going to be on the newspaper,
but you still took the photos and wrote the article.
That means I was only a joke to you.
I can't stand that.
If I just tell people that I can't stand it,
they don't get it.
Do you get it?
I'll see you later.
Don't miss it.
Yes. It's time.
Bring it up.
Father. I'm here.
He's eating raw wild ginseng.
He must eat it at this hour as soon as the sun rises.
- How long is that going to take? - He just ate it.
He must chew it slowly for about 30 minutes.
He must lie down after he's done.
He becomes very tired...
after he eats it raw.
He must sleep...
for about an hour to recover.
I didn't know we got wild ginseng. Where's it from?
My brother tried very hard to get it.
He's very fond of it...
because it's 100 years old.
100 years is no problem.
He's looking forward to live for 120 years.
He's very happy.
Hey, Ms. Han.
Do you want to get kicked out stripped off?
I'm not interested in your brother,
but if you act like you're part of Cheong A,
I won't allow it.
I'm only bearing it because my dear late mother-in-law told me...
to pity you when she herself prayed her whole life before she died.
If I were you, I'd be grateful that I can feed my children.
I'd live quietly by not looking for any opportunities...
and live like I'm a nobody.
Who do you think you are to look me in the eye?
Do you think you can become more influential with wild ginseng?
Can't you see it?
Do you want me to show you where your place is?
Ms. Han.
Do you understand what I mean?
- Ms. Han. - I do.
Does he need to sleep for an hour?
Yes.
Bring me some tea.
I want it with ice.
Attorney Kang.
I guess you've dealt with it.
Good job.
I asked him...
because a beggar asked for money...
even before breakfast.
- Get her tea now. - Yes.
Grandfather.
I'm home.
You're early.
I left early to be on time.
I didn't know you were here.
"Hello, ma'am."
"How have you been?"
That's what you must say first.
Do you understand, Yuh Cheon?
- Yes. I'm sorry. - Get in, Yuh Cheon.
Since you're here, come in.
[VIU Ver] E01 Money Flower "A Loyal Servant"
-= Ruo Xi =-
That jerk.
So...
Grandfather called Jang Yuh Cheon, that idiot?
And I'm out here when Grandfather didn't even call me?
Why does that matter so much?
Then what else matters?
It's important...
that you're doomed.
What?
What? I should hand over Daeil Distribution to Yuh Cheon?
Grandfather, Daeil Distribution...
was passed on to me by my father when he passed away.
My parents raised money...
for the inheritance tax.
Of course they have to pay for it. What does it have to do with me?
For now, pay the market value of the company...
based on the time when Boo Cheon got the company.
- Father. - Grandfather.
Excuse me, Grandfather.
His father passed away when I was five.
We can't pay the market value of that time.
- Attorney Kang. - Yes.
Isn't it illegal...
to buy shares at a giveaway price even if they're not listed?
It's against the Capital Markets Act.
Attorney Kang will take care of it somehow.
Yuh Cheon.
Hey, Jang Yuh Cheon! You jerk!
- Follow me. - Get off me.
You could have stayed at your place. Attorney Kang...
would have told you what's going on anyway.
Take care of yourself.
Why aren't you answering me?
Do you still want to work for Boo Cheon?
I'll think about it, sir.
You should root for the winning side.
You know Boo Cheon has no prospect of success.
I don't think so.
Gosh, you're lying.
Hey.
Do you look down on me just because I'm old?
That's not true, sir.
That stupid idiot.
He's still like a 15-year-old boy.
He's not growing up.
He barely finished school...
thanks to you.
If you're trying to repay Director Jung...
for taking care of you...
when you had nowhere to go,
you've done enough already.
You even went to jail in place of Boo Cheon.
Kang Pil Joo went to jail just for money?
Don't even expect me to believe that.
You could've pocketed that much money without getting caught anyway.
Gosh.
You thief.
You didn't even refuse Daeil Distribution Grandfather offered.
It's not yours to begin with.
There are tons of companies who offer better prices out there.
But we use your company regardless of the price.
That's how your company has grown.
We've been criticized for supporting your company the whole time.
Why would you think it's yours?
What?
So...
are you jealous?
Of course I am.
If the company goes public, you get all the credit.
But you've done nothing.
Are you kidding me?
Gosh.
You jerk!
Darn it.
Darn it!
Wait.
Since when have you been watching us?
Since when Yuh Cheon said he was jealous.
Hey, you should've stopped him then.
Grandfather told you to abandon Boo Cheon and work for me, right?
What?
Starting from tomorrow...
I told him I'd think about it.
What do you mean you'd think about it?
Why would you even think about it?
Whoever wins here,
I'll side with the winner.
Are you kidding me?
Pil Joo, come on.
Darn it!
You jerk!
You stupid idiot.
You scumbag.
Stop it!
Gosh, you...
You jerk.
Come here!
You idiot!
Oh, gosh.
Hey!
Hey, run!
Jang Boo Cheon.
Be my friend.
You jerk!
Hey!
You stupid...
I won.
Hey.
Are you going out on business?
Yes. I'm going to the factory in Suwon.
I heard about Daeil Distribution from Yuh Cheon.
Even if Chairman Jang pushes ahead with the plan,
it's not something we can get it done overnight.
Don't beat yourself up.
Okay.
All right.
Gosh, I left my phone in the car.
(Reference Library)
- Hello. - Hello.
Chairman Jang is here.
Who's here?
Father, what are you doing here?
Well...
They asked me to have a seat, but I said no.
Go sit over there and wait.
Okay.
Come in.
I have something important to tell you.
Executive Jung,
You know how straightforward I am...
better than anyone.
And I have...
been thinking about this for a couple of days,
and couldn't bring it up when I met you earlier today.
I hope you understand that it wasn't an easy decision.
Let me get to the point.
I need you to move out of this house.
Yuh Cheon will succeed his father...
and become the chairman soon,
so I need to train him here beside me.
Father, I can't do that.
I'm not asking you to move out right away.
I'm telling you this now so that you have time to find a good place.
I need you to prepare to move out.
You made Boo Cheon's dad...
encounter sudden death,
and now you plan to throw me and my son out?
No way. I'm not throwing you out onto the street.
Father!
I'm sure he'll let others take over his house...
over his dead body.
That's why he decided...
to come here himself.
I have no idea why he doesn't like Director Jang.
He's the son of his eldest son. Who else can carry on the family name?
Huge companies like Cheong A put individual's competency...
over blood ties.
Now that you run a few restaurants in Cheong A Department store,
you sound like a businesswoman.
You earned quite a lot...
for entertaining Chairman at night.
Maybe not.
You made it clear...
that Seong Man temporarily takes up the president post...
only until Boo Cheon grows up.
You told Boo Cheon to grow up...
and take over the title from Seong Man...
as Cheong A must be run...
by the eldest grandson.
- Calm down. - Father.
Boo Cheon is fully grown up. He's already 32.
It's only his body that grew up.
He's not only narrow-minded...
but also incompetent.
Why are you so dissatisfied with him?
If you tell me the reason,
I'll make sure that he corrects it...
- by all means. - Mal Lan,
we're living in the 21st century.
Stop the nonsense.
Cheong A lies before my oldest grandson.
Don't you dare to stand against me.
Go raise your kid as a decent man.
Find a place to live in with Boo Cheon.
Yuh Cheon wants to live with you in here,
and we do have spare rooms.
But it'll be stressful for you to live with Yuh Cheon...
in the same house.
Chairman told her to move out...
as soon as possible.
I can't even stay near her...
as I don't know how to face her.
I'm here.
Do not let anyone in...
- including Boo Cheon. - Yes, sir.
I'm sure there is a way.
There must be a way.
If unlocked the door...
just to console me, leave.
I'll make Boo Cheon...
marry the daughter of Congressman Na Gi Chul.
He's most likely...
to be the next president.
The land in Gangwon Province that Chairman owns...
The useless land that's really far from the interchange...
- of the highway? - The permit to construct...
interchange right in front of the land will be issued soon.
None of the previous administrations issued the permit...
due to extremely low traffic volumes.
But...
- Yuh Cheon's father-in-law... - So Chairman of Hanmin Daily...
succeeded to obtain the permit...
after stirring up public opinion.
You need...
in-laws who can bring...
Cheong A more profit than Chairman Lee of Hanmin Daily.
That's the only option you have.
He's so shameless and disgraceful.
He'd even willingly sell his soul...
to the devil if he can make profits.
You'll provide Congressman Na with political funds,
and he will lobby the National Assembly...
to pass the bills that are favorable to Cheong A.
Moreover, he'll get you the permit to construct...
Cheong A Tower,
the lifelong dream of Honorary Chairman Jang.
Cheong A Tower?
The permit to construct an interchange is nothing.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
I wouldn't have had to swallow such insults.
I was going to tell you...
once everything is thoroughly prepared.
How much will Cheong A gain through this marriage?
It will be...
over 200 billion dollars for the next 30 years.
Sit down.
- Did you check up on his daughter? - Yes.
What is the biggest obstacle?
She doesn't prefer blind dates...
and wants to get married with a man she loves.
So I should let...
such a foolish girl in my house?
So what is your plan?
I'll make his daughter and Boo Cheon fall for each other...
and lead them to get married in the end.
- Is that possible? - Making the impossible possible...
is my job.
Is Boo Cheon seeing anyone these days?
No.
Gosh!
I need to go.
My goodness.
His approval ratings marked 34.2 percent,
standing at 46.4 percent in aggregate.
Candidate Lee Cheol Yong is elected as the presidential candidate...
of Shindaehan Party.
Lee Cheol Yong is elected...
as the final presidential candidate of Shindaehan Party.
The presidential nomination of the ruling party...
was held today, and Lee Cheol Yong beat...
Na Gi Chul against expectations.
- Dad... - Candidate Na Gi Chul had been...
the leading candidate throughout the campaign, but he lost...
at the election of the presidential electoral college.
Many expected that he'd resign his membership in the party,
but Candidate Na admitted his defeat...
and accepted the result.
I think he's quite upset.
I'm sure the fact that the advocates within the party turned away...
is even more painful.
Immediately after Congressman Na announced his concession,
Candidate Lee Cheol Yong offered him the chief campaigner position.
What was Congressman Na's answer?
He didn't make an official announcement yet.
It must be a very tough decision.
Congressman Na can neither easily accept...
nor decline the offer.
He must be grappling...
with the two options.
He has to choose either to quit or remain in the party.
Welcome, Congressman Na.
It's been a long time, Executive Jung.
We met at the event of Cheong A Welfare Foundation.
It's been two years.
I know.
All right.
I'm sorry to invite you through the back door.
He did a good job guiding me here.
I didn't meet anyone on my way.
Please don't worry.
He's like my eyes and ears.
Please make yourself comfortable...
and think he's another Jung Mal Lan.
You're already too much for me.
And now there's one more of you?
Let's play fair and square.
Can you step out?
People say...
you would've won if you spent only one-tenth...
of the money Candidate Lee did.
It's all water under the bridge.
Will you accept...
the position of Chief Campaigner...
Candidate Lee Cheol Yong's offered?
I'm not sure.
Well...
I don't think you invited me here to talk about that.
Congressman Na.
Can we...
play Truth or Dare?
I'll guess what worries you.
And you'll...
guess why I wanted to meet you today.
So what do you think worries me?
"Can I really...
become president...
of this country without money five years later?"
So what do you think is the truth about me?
I'm not sure.
I want to take back Cheong A Group...
from my brother-in-law President Jang Seong Man...
and give it to my son.
Sir.
My son Jang Boo Cheon needs someone...
to count on.
Then I'll make you...
the president...
of this country five years later.
I'll have my son go out with your daughter.
Mo Hyun wouldn't even want to...
have a relationship with a son of a conglomerate.
But how?
We can't even force them to get married.
How would you have them fall in love to begin with?
Just please pretend not to know anything.
I'll take care of everything.
I may sound...
too hasty to you.
I'm sorry, but I don't put on a front.
Then let me put it this way.
I'll have them fall deeply in love with each other...
just like you did with your wife.
I want you to retire from politics...
after reaching a pinnacle.
I'll try my best...
so my son Boo Cheon...
will be a president's son-in-law.
- Let's eat. - Yes, ma'am.
I'm counting on you...
for this marriage.
I want you to remember...
that you're saving my life and Boo Cheon's.
Okay.
It's been long since we ate together.
Mom.
Why did you want to see me?
Why are you so serious?
Did Grandfather force you to sell Daeil Distribution again?
We'll keep Daeil Distribution.
I knew you'd have a plan.
Pil Joo's plan is to have you get married.
What?
Let's have him begin his relationship...
with Na Mo Hyun in 15 days.
What?
What did you say?
Who's Na Mo Hyun?
A woman you'll fall in love and get married with.
She's Congressman Na Gi Chul's daughter.
Are you insane?
Is this mating or something?
You go out with her!
You get married with her as well!
You should go persuade Boo Cheon...
I'll quit.
I'm out of this.
What?
If Boo Cheon doesn't want me desperately,
I won't be able to go through...
all the difficulties ahead of me,
Executive Jung.
How dare he...
I'm sick of him being so condescending.
Just let him go.
I'll decide when he leaves.
You can't get Cheong A Group without Pil Joo.
Mom, your son isn't that bad.
I can do it without Pil Joo.
He's served as your right-hand man...
being a bulldozer and a slop bucket. It's impossible...
to meet a man like that again.
He's not my right-hand man.
He actually looks down on me.
He's...
your servant anyway.
And you're the master.
Pil Joo.
You crazy jerk.
He already left.
Where are you going?
I want to go observe some migratory birds.
Gosh, you observed a lot of birds because of Na Mo Hyun.
Aren't you even tired of it?
I never got to see the birds.
I only watched Na Mo Hyun.
Those who are heading...
to Busan...
should get in the train now.
Kang Pil Joo. Pil Joo!
Pil Joo, wait.
Pil Joo.
Help me get married.
With Na Mo Hyun.
- Ms. Na. - Yes?
Why do male birds have more beautiful and colorful feathers?
In order to get caught by predators easily.
If they get caught, they'll be eaten by the predators.
That's right.
Male birds lure predators with their colorful feathers,
so female birds can protect their eggs...
even better.
It's called "male birds' lure and sacrifice".
- Look at that. - What was that?
What should we do?
Boo Cheol.
Run.
What?
Go save the bird.
My goodness!
- What should we do? - Oh, my gosh.
What just happened?
(Money Flower)